this marathon bail would have fight that
many in the tre death have been relish
available some beaten rocky fielding
defending his Commonwealth 12 so crown
against the rugged strong tough
unfashionable but pretty decent Luke
Blackledge from Accrington it's a short
notice match it was thrown together this
week and it's a really good one it is
it's a case of opportunity knocks up
that glad to get this chance short
notice but he has been training against
point on that we call Proctor
what better training could you get so he
comes to bed he's filming most bacteria
her face legs
he's pouring it coming it just very
sweetly feeling it's not a basic step
there's the simple things but what he
does he does well he's 50 around to Carl
brought you really
take big shots like those little of nine
knockouts in 16 wheels so far and here
on this couple of ground an earlier
round against the rubber in it the
Muhammad and Krong
the other way